- communicate with Pushpin via zeromq (to avoid base64 overhead)

## Generated backend

In dev mode, backend methods are executed within their own VM isolate, where the module graph is reset on every call. Serialization is avoided by keeping calls within the same process.

In production, backend methods are addressed by their snake-cased name appended to the serverless host. If monolith mode is enabled, the procedure is equivalent to dev mode.

### Generation tasks

- Parse backend events
  - Generate event types
- Parse exported functions (aka: backend methods)
  - Generate method types
- Generate one entry point per method
  - Wrap method with adapter + serialization
  - Bundle method with Rollup
- Batch handler that executes methods in isolation
  - Skip serialization in dev mode?
  - Consider using `isolated-vm` in monolith mode
    https://www.npmjs.com/package/isolated-vm

## Queries

- UDFs are scanned from `q` assignments in the `src/queries` directory

- The `src/queries/q.ts` module is generated. It contains the type of every UDF.
  UDF modules can import from `./q` to have access to other UDF modules, as well
  as preset queries.

- The `src/queries/index.ts` module is generated. It creates the client for
  building queries that can be executed by `db.query(...)` calls.

```ts
import q, { Ref } from './q'

const relations = q.Collection('relations')

q.AddFriend = (user: Ref, friend: Ref) => {
  // Some keys are reserved for document metadata.
  user.ts // => number
  user.data // => object

  // Some keys are reserved for document methods.
  user.delete() // => void

  // Remaining keys provide access to document data.
  user.name // => string

  // Collections have mutative methods.
  relations.add({ user, friend })
}
```

## Export

- export to Firebase functions (code splitting by `api.extend` methods)
- export to Docker swarm
- export to Fanout service
- export to FaunaDB service
